[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro song playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
GOODBYE ALIEN
[boys playing soccer]
[roars]
You're too loud this early in the morning!
[screams]
[hissing]
Gauko in the morning.
Today is already awesome.
I'm going to squash you!
-[roars]
-[boys scream]
[roars]
Oops! I'm still in my pajamas.
Oh, gau, gau, gau, gau...
You were very active this morning, Naoko.
Just a little bit.
I have samba practice,
so I'll be leaving after breakfast.
Naoko, what will you be doing?
[yawning] I'm going back to sleep.
[Dad] I'm going to frog chorus practice.
[Bibilian snoring]
Bibilian! What's the status
of conquering Earth?
[Bibilian yelps]
Are we in a hurry?
Of course!
If you can't conquer Earth,
come home right away!
-I must punish you!
-[Bibilian screams]
[Spaceship] We're here to take you home.
[yelps]
What am I going to do?
Hurry up and get in.
-There's nothing we can do.
-It's your fault, Big Brother.
Let's pack up.
-[Both] Ow...
-[moaning]
Sniff. I'm going to say goodbye to Naoko.
Have a good time!
-Ribbit, ribbit.
-[Mom] Oh, Samba!
[yawning]
Naoko is so cute when she yawns.
Halley!
[yelps]
Huh?
-Oh! What a beautiful day!
-[click]
I'll have to edit this
before I can post it to my social media.
It won't make a difference
whether you edit it or not.
What's your problem?
Arf, arf!
-Meow, meow.
-Arf?
[exclaims, laughs]
You two have so much energy.
Take care of yourselves.
Good luck with everything.
Huh?
He told me to change my diapers, babu!
I said hello and he ran away.
He made me feel like an idiot!
He said "meow, meow" to me.
He said to take care.
He looked depressed.
But he's always that way.
Come to think of it...
It's so delicious... sniff...
He was crying while eating takoyaki.
What's wrong with the alien?
He might be homesick.
Homesick?
He's become homesick,
making him emotionally unstable,
causing him to lock himself in his room
and binge eat ice cream.
Maybe Naoko knows something.
Let's ask her!
[insistent doorbell ringing
and knocks on door]
Quit making noise! [roars]
-[screaming]
-[whoosh]
[roaring]
-[Takashi] What is this?
-[Keisuke] It's a spaceship.
[KinPika] Why is this here?
What do you want?
What's this spaceship?
We couldn't conquer Earth,
so we're going back to our planet.
It's a struggle when your brother
lacks a brain.
[all] Going back to your planet?
Today is sunny and the aliens
are going back to their planet.
That's my line! [laughs]
Maybe we should have a farewell party?
A surprise party? Let's do it!
I don't think we need to do anything
for that alien, babu.
But I feel sorry for him.
I wish I had played with him more.
Alright! I'll prepare for the party,
so go get Ms. Naoko and Bibilian!
[yelling] What are you doing?
Is this an alien kidnapping?
[Halley grunts softly]
She's sleeping like a log, babu.
-[harp melody]
-[humming]
[Toshio] Naoko.
Oh? Toshio is that you?
Where are you?
[Toshio] Naoko.
-[harp melody]
-Toshio...
[Toshio] Naoko.
[gasps]
Oh, good!
-You're finally awake.
-Yesh!
Toshio? Where is this? Who am I?
We're at the alien's farewell party.
Huh? A farewell party?
Huh?
[moaning]
-Goodbye, alien!
-Bye-bye, alien!
-Farewell, alien!
-Goodbye, alien!
[crying]
What's going on?
We are going back.
Going back where?
We're going back to our home planet,
Nebula N44.
What?
Are you really, really going home?
You're leaving this town?
[crying] Yes, it's true.
-Hooray!
-Huh?
Hooray. Hooray!
It'll feel great
once the aliens are gone, right?
Huh? Huh?
You're supposed to feel sad there.
Naoko does have
a bad personality after all, babu.
As a human being and a dinosaur,
you're horrible.
Bibilian liked how kind you were to him.
You should be kind to the very end.
Toshio...
[Naoko] Huh...
Uh, Bibilian...
Yesh?
I'm never going to forget you.
Take care of yourself.
[crying] Naoko... Thank you very much.
You're the kindest person on Earth.
By the way, Naoko, would you like
to take a look inside the spaceship?
Oh yeah! I kinda do!
-Hurry up and get on.
-[Bibilian] Right this way.
[humming]
Wow, this spaceship is impressive.
-[evil chuckles]
-[beep]
[all gasp]
[Lemon] Big Brother!
[Drop] It'll take off
if you close the door!
[screaming]
You're coming with me to Nebula N44!
Why should I!
I'll be together forever with you, Naoko.
Why do I have to go to your planet?
[roars]
-[screaming]
-[roaring]
[yelling] Stop!
[roars]
[Bibilian] Ah, please stop!
[all screaming]
-[Bibilian screams]
-[Gauko roars]
-[Bibilian groaning]
-[roars]
This is all your fault!
-[Bibilian screams]
-[Gauko roaring]
Big Brother is an idiot.
Now we can't go home.
Gauko beating up an alien is so cool!
We have to see this once a day.
It's a great way to end the party!
[all laugh]
-Ribbit, ribbit.
-Samba, samba!
-Ribbit?
-Oh?
-[Gauko roars]
-[Mom] Our house is gone!
Another sunny day.
The town is peaceful, as usual.
-That's my line, too!
-[Gatashi laughs]
-[Bibilian screams]
-[Gauko roars]
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪